Improve SEO metadata across all docs pages (#397)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: maintenance-ops/compacting-buckets.mdx

---
title: "Compacting Buckets"

> description: "Reduce storage and sync overhead by compacting PowerSync buckets."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Reduce storage and sync overhead by compacting and defragmenting data."
```
